currently to usually openly i knelt em lost in carried with their bones. So let it be with Caesar. The noble fruited had told you Caesar was ambitious. If it were so, he would agree with us both, and grievously have Caesar answered it. Here under leave of fruited and the rest for fruited is an honorable man. So are they all, all honorable men, come out seeking Caesar's funeral. He was my friend, faithful and just to me, but brutal sales he was ambitious, and brutal is an honorable man. He has brought many captive homes to Rome whose ransomed is a general copper field. Is this in Caesar's team ambitious, when the poor have cried? Caesar has weapons. Ambition should be made of earner stuff. A fruited sales he was ambitious, and brutal is an honorable man. You all did see that Honolue Bertel, I twice presented him a kingly crown, which he disfrized refused, for this ambition yet brutal sales he was ambitious, and sure he is an honorable man. I speak not to this true, what brutal folks, but here I am speak, but I do know, you all did love him once, not without cause, but cause with all you then the mourn for him, all judgment not fled to brutish peace, and men have lost their reason, or of farewell with me. My heart is in the coffin there with Caesar, and I must cause shall it come back to me. He is the right place, right place, right place, right place, right place, right place, right place. But yesterday the word of Caesar might have stood against the world, now I see there an untold poor to do him reverence, for masters if I would expose to your heart and mind, to newtonian rage I should do brutal flung, and cash your throng, who you all know are honorable men. I will not do them wrong, I rather choose the wrong that is dead, the wrong myself and you, than I will wrong such honorable men. But here's a parchment with a seal of Caesar, I found it in his cot, it is his will, let for the common fear this testament which pardon me, I do not mean to read, and they would go and kiss their Caesar's wounds, and give them napkins in his sacred blood. He begs a tear of him from memory, and dying, mentioned it within their will, bequeeding it as a rich legacy unto their issues. So have you ever heard of this? After a patient's gentle friend, I must not read it, it is not me who knows how he's loved you. You are not, who you are not told, but men, and being men, hearing the will of Caesar, he will enslave you, he will make you mad, just good you know not that you are his heir, for if you should all watch, what some of it is. Will you be patient? Will you tell your father, I have all shocked myself to tell you of it, I fear I wronged the honorable men whose daggers have Caesar, I do fear it. You will come tell me then to read the will, then make a ring about the corpse of Caesar, and let me show you him that made the will, shall I defend, and will you give me leave?